Add troubleshooting section #48 (#73)
Woodi-dev/Among-Us-Sheriff-Mod: README.md

<li> Custom server regions to join private servers</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="installation"> Installation </h2>
<ul>
<li>Download the Mod for your specific game version. You are not able to launch the game if the versions do not match.</li>
<li>Make a copy of your game’s root directory (Steam/steamapps/common/Among Us) and rename it to whatever you want (Steam/steamapps/common/Among Us Sheriff Mod) </li>
<li>Extract the content of Among Us Sheriff Mod.zip into the copied folder you created</li>
<li>Open your modded folder and open the Game via Among Us.exe</li>
</ul>

> <p>To check if installation succeed<p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Verifying installation success<p>
```

<ul>
  <li>Launch the Game via Among Us.exe.

>   <li>On top, left corner, below among us version you should see <em>loaded Sheriff Mod vx.y by Woodi </em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>In the top-left corner, below Among Us version, you should see <em>loaded Sheriff Mod vx.y by Woodi </em>
```

I would appreciate any donations. This will help me to develop more mods.

For exclusive modding requests contact me: <a href="mailto:Woodi-dev@gmx.de">Woodi-dev@gmx.de</a>

<h2 id="troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</h2>

<p><b>I can't see <em>loaded</em> message on my game screen</b></br>
<ol>

>   <li>Make sure you followed all <a href="#installation">instalation steps</a>, especially launching game via Among Us.exe file</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>Make sure you have followed all the <a href="#installation">installation steps</a>, especially launching the game via the Among Us.exe file</li>
```

>   <li>You migh missing some cpp libs, please install 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <li>You might be missing some cpp libs (software libraries used by the mod); please install 
```

    <a href="https://aka.ms/vs/16/release/vc_redist.x86.exe">visual studio c++</a>
  </li>
</ol>
</p>

<p><b>I can't find my issue.</b></br>

> You can add a <a href="https://github.com/Woodi-dev/Among-Us-Sheriff-Mod/issues/new">github issue</a> explaining your case once loged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can <a href="https://github.com/Woodi-dev/Among-Us-Sheriff-Mod/issues/new">raise an issue within GitHub</a> documenting your issue. You will need to be logged into GitHub to do this.
```
